DOC-9683 Provide greater clarity on the DB Console, SQL Statements Graph (#18526)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/ui-overview-dashboard.md

See the [Statements page]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/ui-statements-page.md %}) for more details on the cluster's SQL statements.

Metrics: `sql.select.count`, `sql.update.count`, `sql.insert.count`, `sql.delete.count`

> - [`INSERT ... ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE ...`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/insert.md %}#on-conflict-clause) statements update the `INSERT` metric (`sql.insert.count`) even when the `DO UPDATE` clause is actually executed. The root of the [abstract syntax tree (AST)]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/sql-layer.md %}#parsing) is used to increment the metric, not the actual execution details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`INSERT ... ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE ...`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/insert.md %}#on-conflict-clause) statements update the `INSERT` metric (`sql.insert.count`) even when the `DO UPDATE` clause is actually executed. The root of the [abstract syntax tree (AST)]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/sql-layer.md %}#parsing) is used to increment the metric, rather than the actual execution details.
```
I'm wondering whether it might be better to flip this, so "The following SQL commands update the `sql.insert.count` (`INSERT`) metric:

- Line 28
- Line 30

Then line 32 feels more like a note to me than a bullet point.

Author: I updated as suggested.

- [`UPSERT`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/upsert.md %}) statements also update the `INSERT` metric (`sql.insert.count`).

> - [Data manipulation statements]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/sql-statements.md %}#data-manipulation-statements) other than  `SELECT`/`INSERT`/`UPDATE`/`DELETE`/`UPSERT` update the `sql.misc.count` metric. However, this metric is not displayed on this graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All [Data manipulation statements]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/sql-statements.md %}#data-manipulation-statements) other than  `SELECT`/`INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`, or`UPSERT` update the `sql.misc.count` metric, which is *not* displayed on this graph.
```
